  "You have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. — Marcus Aurelius",
  "The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. — Marcus Aurelius",
  "Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one. — Marcus Aurelius",
  "If it is not right, do not do it; if it is not true, do not say it. — Marcus Aurelius",
  "The best revenge is not to be like your enemy. — Marcus Aurelius",
  "When you arise in the morning, think what a privilege it is to be alive. — Marcus Aurelius",
  "The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. — Marcus Aurelius",
  "Do every act of your life as though it were the last. — Marcus Aurelius",
  "Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them. — Marcus Aurelius",
  "It never ceases to amaze me: we all love ourselves more than other people, but care more about their opinion than our own. — Marcus Aurelius",
  "We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. — Seneca",
  "It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste much of it. — Seneca",
  "Life is long, if you know how to use it. — Seneca",
  "Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body. — Seneca",
  "Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. — Seneca",
  "No man was ever wise by chance. — Seneca",
  "Sometimes even to live is an act of courage. — Seneca",
  "If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable. — Seneca",
  "Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life. — Seneca",
  "Associate with people who are likely to improve you. — Seneca",
  "It is not things themselves that disturb us, but our opinions about them. — Epictetus",
  "It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. — Epictetus",
  "No man is free who is not master of himself. — Epictetus",
  "First say to yourself what you would be; then do what you have to do. — Epictetus",
  "If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid. — Epictetus",
  "Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants. — Epictetus",
  "Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it. — Epictetus",
  "Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens. — Epictetus",
  "Practice yourself, for heaven's sake, in little things, and then proceed to greater. — Epictetus",
  "Only the educated are free. — Epictetus",
  "The unexamined life is not worth living. — Socrates",
  "I know that I have no wisdom, small or great. — Socrates",
  "One must never do wrong in return for wrong, nor mistreat any man, no matter how we have been treated. — Socrates",
  "To fear death is nothing other than to think one is wise when one is not. — Socrates",
  "A man who is good for anything ought not to calculate the chance of living or dying, but only whether he is doing right or wrong. — Socrates",
  "No one errs or does wrong willingly. — Socrates",
  "The greatest good for a man is to discuss virtue every day about how he ought to live. — Socrates",
  "To live well means the same thing as to live honorably and justly. — Socrates",
  "It is not that I am mad, it is only that my head is different from yours. — Diogenes of Sinope",
  "I am a citizen of the world. — Diogenes of Sinope",
  "In a rich man's house there is no place to spit but his face. — Diogenes of Sinope",
  "We have two ears and one tongue so that we would listen more and talk less. — Diogenes of Sinope",
  "Stand out of my light. — Diogenes of Sinope",
  "I am looking for an honest man. — Diogenes of Sinope",
  "He has the most who is most content with the least. — Diogenes of Sinope",
  "Other dogs bite only their enemies; I bite also my friends, in order to save them. — Diogenes of Sinope",
  "We are what we think; all that we are arises with our thoughts. — The Buddha",
  "If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts, happiness follows like a shadow that never leaves. — The Buddha",
  "Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world; by non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. — The Buddha",
  "Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace. — The Buddha",
  "Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. — The Buddha",
  "All conditioned things are impermanent; when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering. — The Buddha",
  "As a solid rock is not shaken by the wind, so the wise are not shaken by praise or blame. — The Buddha",
  "You yourself must strive; the Buddhas only point the way. — The Buddha",
  "The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. — Lao Tzu",
  "He who knows others is wise; he who knows himself is enlightened. — Lao Tzu",
  "He who conquers others is strong; he who conquers himself is mighty. — Lao Tzu",
  "Those who know do not speak; those who speak do not know. — Lao Tzu",
  "Knowing when to stop, you avoid danger. — Lao Tzu",
  "To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. — Lao Tzu",
  "In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. — Lao Tzu",
  "The soft overcomes the hard; the gentle overcomes the rigid. — Lao Tzu",
  "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. — Confucius",
  "Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Confucius",
  "The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. — Confucius",
  "Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance. — Confucius",
  "He who learns but does not think is lost; he who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. — Confucius",
  "To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage. — Confucius",
  "When we see men of worth, we should think of equaling them; when we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inward and examine ourselves. — Confucius",
  "The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. — Confucius",
  "He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. — Friedrich Nietzsche",
  "What does not kill me makes me stronger. — Friedrich Nietzsche",
  "Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. — Friedrich Nietzsche",
  "And if you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss also gazes into you. — Friedrich Nietzsche",
  "One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star. — Friedrich Nietzsche",
  "In individuals, madness is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs, it is the rule. — Friedrich Nietzsche",
  "To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. — Oscar Wilde",
  "We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. — Oscar Wilde",
  "Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. — Oscar Wilde",
  "Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. — Oscar Wilde",
  "I can resist everything except temptation. — Oscar Wilde",
  "If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. — Mark Twain",
  "Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. — Mark Twain",
  "When in doubt, tell the truth. — Mark Twain",
  "The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. — Mark Twain",
  "Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. — Mark Twain",
  "Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string. — Ralph Waldo Emerson",
  "Insist on yourself; never imitate. — Ralph Waldo Emerson",
  "The reward of a thing well done is to have done it. — Ralph Waldo Emerson",
  "Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify. — Henry David Thoreau",
  "If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with success unexpected in common hours. — Henry David Thoreau",

